Update dotnet-nuget-why.md to include RID specific packages (#43672)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/dotnet-nuget-why.md

By default the assets file is in the project's `obj\` directory, but you can find the location with `msbuild.exe path\to\project.proj -getProperty:ProjectAssetsFile`.
Finally, run `dotnet nuget why path\to\project.assets.json SomePackage`.

> Starting with version 9.0.200, the command introduces support for RID-specific (Runtime identifier) packages by generating separate dependency trees for each Runtime Identifier (RID) and framework combination.
> For example, if a project targets the net9.0 framework with the win-x64 RID, it will generate trees for: `net9.0/win-x64` and `net9.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 9.0.200, the command introduces support for runtime identifier (RID) specific packages by generating separate dependency trees for each RID and framework combination.
For example, if a project targets `net9.0` with the `win-x64` RID, the command generates trees for `net9.0/win-x64` and `net9.0`.
```
